Silly girl, what are you doing?
The big eater king is now a member of our Chu family
When is it your turn to take the top?
The person who should be killed in the world died accidentally
My lady has her own arrangements
It's not your turn to do it for nothing
You girl is really amazing
Damn it, it doesn't have to be you.
The old man is still counting on you to inherit and fight
Take charge
Old man, I come from humble beginnings.
mediocre ability
What qualifications do you have to inherit your fight?
You'd better choose another high apprentice
This kid is a dancer
It is inevitable that you will fight and kill in the future
If you learn magic and ghost medicine
Sure to protect others
Can I really?
Quickly apprentice
Not a sale
See the master
Hahahahaha good
Master, this is
This is the old man's unique medical skill
Sanyang Xuanzhen
Medical and martial arts double absolute
Extraordinary
You will study hard in the future
To keep up with this kid's footsteps?
The disciple thanked the master on the way to the township
The disciple will live up to the love of the master
Congratulations on winning a disciple by St. Isis
Can you heal him now?
Yes, yes, yes, master, you must save the big eater.
Got it.
I don't know what's so good about this kid
This kid will live to this day
It's a miracle.